[Music]
fear fear will keep the local systems in
line fear of this battle station this
station is now the ultimate power in the
universe I suggest we use it state your
name for the record
gen arson our rebellion
it's all that remains to push back the
Empire we think you might be able to
help us what is this we've a mission for
you
a major weapons test is imminent we need
to know what it is how to destroy it
what will wouldn't it catch you if you
continue to fight
what will you become
the power that we are dealing with here
is immeasurable if the Empire has this
kind of power what chance do we have
we have hope rebellions are built on
hope
there isn't much time may the force be
with us
three
all the way
you